hi guys finish this up yesterday it's
all the car x
cotton fiber scales
my name's made by my mom the Spartan be
that the day of sent me if I decide to
sell this she probably will it won't
have lobbied on our love another one
and pummels heat-treated and it is
Persian tantor mark to start at the
pointy end nice big sweater on it
some reason to miss those guidelines
when I was going over it it doesn't
detract from the knife too much kinda
looks looks well placed
the carbon is really nice when I made
this out a couple of handfuls in mind
first of all as if you to choke up on it
that part there lets you thumps it into
it solid grip very solid slide swell on
the back there fits into the palm
narrower there if you want to move your
hand back on it the secondary edge in
this narrow groove he allows you to grip
it there as well a bit more leverage
that almost ends or puttan just all the
fingers nicely as well and reverse grip
same applies
if you two really swing with it you've
got that grip on it turned out really
well let's definitely going to be
getting some of these a waterjet caught
with a couple of tweaks need a name for
it though there you go Persian Tonto a
mark to
thanks for watching